Add a long_description to the python package (#191)
pulp/pulp_deb: README.md

# pulp_deb

![build status](https://travis-ci.com/pulp/pulp_deb.svg?branch=master)
![python versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/pulp_deb.svg)

A Pulp plugin to host APT repositories.

> For more information, please visit the [Pulp project homepage][1], or see the [plugin documentation][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Pulp project homepage][1] or go to the [plugin documentation][2] for more information.
```
